Theme docs + minor polishments (#5360)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: packages/core/docs/guide/internationalization.md

# Internationalization

By default we are using `nuxt-i18n` module for handling internationalization, but it's not mandatory to use it even if you are using Nuxt.

> In order to provide unified way of configuring i18n across the application for different modules and integrations, we have introduced field `i18n` in each modules configuration that has same format as `nuxt-i18n` options. Clearly, it's possible to add there any configuration if there is a necessity and it will be propagated to all other Vue Storefront modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to provide a unified way of configuring i18n across the application for different modules and integrations, we have introduced the field `i18n` in each module's configuration that has the same format as `nuxt-i18n` options. Clearly, it's possible to add there any configuration if there is a necessity and it will be propagated to all other Vue Storefront modules.
```

> By default all Vue Storefront modules have `useNuxtI18nModule` property set to `true`. It means that they will use the same configuration as you provided for `nuxt-i18n` in `i18n` field of your `nuxt.config.js`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all Vue Storefront modules have `useNuxtI18nModule` property set to `true`. It means that they will use the same configuration as you provided for `nuxt-i18n` in `i18n` field of your `nuxt.config.js`
```

```js
// nuxt.config.js
['@vue-storefront/{INTEGRATION}/nuxt', {
  api: {
    // api client configuration
  },
  i18n: {
    useNuxtI18nModule: true
  }
}]
```

## Custom configuration

> You are always able to provide your own i18n configuration just for a specific module by setting `useNuxtI18nModule` to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You always can provide your own i18n configuration just for a specific module by setting `useNuxtI18nModule` to false.
```
